feat: jdbc set query timeout (#21225)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-timeouts-in-tidb.md

## JDBC query timeout

> Starting from TiDB `v6.1` version, the `enable-global-kill` parameter is enabled by default `true`. This allows you to control query timeouts using the MySQL JDBC method `setQueryTimeout()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v6.1.0, when the [`enable-global-kill`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-global-kill-new-in-v610) configuration item is set to its default value `true`, you can use the `setQueryTimeout()` method provided by the MySQL JDBC driver to control the query timeout. When a query times out, TiDB will terminate it.
```

> However, for TiDB versions earlier than `v6.1`, `setQueryTimeout()` does **_NOT_** work for TiDB, because the client sends a `KILL` command to the database when it detects the timeout. However, the tidb-server is load balanced, and it will not execute this `KILL` command to avoid termination of the connection on a wrong tidb-server. You need to use `MAX_EXECUTION_TIME` to check the query timeout effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> When your TiDB version is earlier than v6.1.0 or [`enable-global-kill`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-global-kill-new-in-v610) is set to `false`, `setQueryTimeout()` does not work for TiDB. This is because the client sends a `KILL` command to the database when it detects the query timeout. However, because the TiDB service is load balanced, TiDB does not execute the `KILL` command to avoid termination of the connection on a wrong TiDB node. In such cases, you can use the `max_execution_time` setting to control query timeout.
```
